[rain falling]
[rumbling]
Huh? Yikes. What's that?
♪
Huh.
[CHIHO]
That claw.
He's from the Malebranche.
Why's he here?
I'd better tell Mister Maou.
[flashing]
You all see it, too, right?
[MALE STUDENT 18A]
Shit, dude.
[CHIHO]
I can't feel anything.
My idea link
isn't getting through to him.
I'll try Miss Suzuno.
What is it? I just can't tell.
-Can you?
-Ah!
My guess is, uh...
It's some kind of big beast
that escaped from the zoo!
[CHIHO]
Big old demon, big old demon!
[sneezes]
[groans]
[MAOU]
What's the deal?
Trust no one,
not even the weatherman.
-[ACIETH] 'Sup now, Maou?
-Uh?
Hey! How did the test go?
My hope is small.
Yeah, I couldn't really read
about half of the questions.
Slow your roll with testing
and study a bit more
so you don't waste
another application fee.
[MAOU]
Uh?
[ACIETH sniffs]
Stop that. I told you not to--
The hell did I do
to deserve that, you freak?
Hm...
Here me out, Dad.
I think this guy
might be the one.
-Mm?
-Can I show him now?
[NORD]
Don't draw any attention.
[gasps]
Wait a sec,
your hair is exactly like--
Knew it! Mm.
It was your smell
that gave it away for me!
Am I that ripe?
Kind of.
So, you're close
with my big sis, aren't you?
Wait, who's your "big sis?"
Come on.
You know Alas Ramus, right?
Huh?
Of course, I do!
She's the older sister?
Yup! Big sis!
Okay, once more.
You're positive
you're not the older one?
-I mean, looks like it to me.
-I'm not!
[MAOU] Maybe I'm getting
caught up in the details here,
but you're like twice her size?
And I can understand you.
What can I say?
I guess I'm just very mature
and elegant for my age!
-What a flirt!
-Give me a break!
[MAOU]
I'll cut to the chase.
You two are from Ente Isla,
aren't you?
Big boy.
Tell me your real name,
maybe we're long-lost buds.
[ACIETH, NORD]
Hm?
[speaking in foreign language]
That language.
Centrient, yeah? Throwback.
[ACIETH] I don't think
we should worry, Dad.
Maou's not an angel.
Even I can tell that much.
My name is, drumroll,
Acieth Alla!
Tsubasa's my incognito name!
Gotcha.
Picked that out yourself?
[ACIETH] Yup!
Pretty elegant and mature, huh?
[MAOU speaking
in foreign language]
[speaking in foreign language]
I thought I knew everyone
who had come here
from Ente Isla.
Looks like you two
just proved me wrong.
You're also my very first clue.
So I'm not letting you
out of my sight.
A clue for?
[sighs]
I'm looking for somebody.
Do you know Emilia Justina?
[gasps]
We haven't heard from her
in a few weeks.
Not a single word
since she left for Ente Isla.
-Stop there!
-[gasps]
[speaking in foreign language]
Cool it, man!
I just told you
we lost all contact with her!
[gasping]
[thuds]
So, she went home?
Figured you two were connected.
But you must be even tighter
than I thought.
-[cell phone vibrating]
-Ah.
She seems important to you.
Let me guess.
My truthful name
is Nord Justina.
And yes, your friend Emilia...
is my daughter.
[SUZUNO] Pick up the phone,
you fool!
[MAOU, ACIETH]
Ah!
Don't yell at me!
Quickly!
There's no time to spare!
Uh, jeez, Suz!
You're busting my brain!
Yes, because you failed
to answer your phone!
Come back! We need your power!
Huh? It's gonna have to wait.
I'm right in the middle
of something here.
[SUZUNO]
We received an SOS from Chiho!
Lead with that!
[SUZUNO]
You see the storm, yes?
It's centered in Sasazuka.
Specifically,
good Chiho's school.
Any clue why?
[SUZUNO] I don't know whether
it's an angel, demon, or human.
But someone
is deploying a massive spell.
One that controls the weather.
Lucifer and I won't hold out
on our own for very long.
You need to get back here
immediately!
[sighs] Why's everything
happening at the same time?
[sighs]
Don't really wanna leave
these guys here.
Maybe I can help, Maou.
-Uh...
-I heard your friend's voice
-in my head.
-[gasps]
So, I guess
you're all caught up then?
Yeah. Pretty much.
What comes next?
And, uh,
know it wouldn't be great
if you disappeared on us
right now.
Got it,
and right back at you, kid.
I need to get home quickly.
And I want to bring you two.
But how could I manage that?
How about we all just fly there?
Yeah, sure,
on a chariot pulled by unicorns!
Hush up!
Point me in the right direction!
-Huh?
-[ACIETH] Let's go!
[MAOU, NORD yelping]
[WOMAN 18A]
Are they floating?
Are you crazy?
These mofos will exorcise us!
[MAOU screaming]
Which way now, Maou?
I don't know. Crap!
I'm all turned around.
It's a weather spell, right?
Seems to me like
we should follow the weather!
We gotta hurry over there.
Don't lose your butts!
-Now, let's fly!
-Hold on!
[screams]
[crashes]
[roars]
You think we're gonna be okay?
-Maybe if we run.
-What the hell is going on?
[MALE TEACHER 18A]
Stop yelling at me!
[CHIHO]
If I don't do something quick,
somebody's gonna get hurt.
-[door sliding]
-Hey, come back!
What are you doing?
[CHIHO] I hope
Mister Maou and the others
don't get too mad at me.
[panting]
♪ The sun is up
It's morning once again
♪ The day is full of hope, so
-[rumbles]
-[gasps]
[LIBICOCCO]
Celestial force-using scum.
Are you the one
who called me to this entry?
Thank goodness.
You can speak my language.
[LIBICOCCO]
Who are you?
Why did you beckon me here?
For a lotta reasons,
Mister Demon.
Mostly,
to get in the first word.
'Cause the teachers
and other students
may do something
that makes you mad.
[LIBICOCCO]
Ha!
Big talk for someone
with so little force.
And for someone
who sounds so small.
[CHIHO]
Mister?
Could you use your power
to open this door?
No biggie for a Malebranche,
right?
-[LIBICOCCO sighs and grunts]
-[metal breaking]
-[whimpers]
-[glass shattering]
-[grunts]
[crashes]
-[wind whooshing]
-Uh...
♪
[LIBICOCCO] You certainly look
like a human from this country.
So, you're the one
that brat Farfa
was talking about.
You're King Satan's new general.
The future MgRonald's barista?
Farfa-- Oh!
You mean that Fart-fellow guy!
How nice.
It sounds like he took care
of all the introductions for me.
[laughs]
You are clearly no actor,
small general.
Your voice is trembling.
You must know by now
you can't hide fear
from a demon.
I am Libicocco,
one of the leaders
of the Malebranche.
Not some pee-pants baby
like Farfa.
I rejoice to hear
that the Demon King Satan
is alive and well.
But I refuse
to accept these new "generals"!
-[wind whooshing]
-[gasps] Ah.
[rain falling]
[RIKA]
Mister Ashiya.
[groans]
You can't sit in silence
forever, you know.
Please, ma'am, may I?
No way, you have to tell me
what's going on.
Ah, yes, of course,
I don't doubt you have questions
aplenty about us now.
[RIKA] I've always thought you
were a pretty mysterious guy.
I've had questions
since we first met,
but we haven't gotten
close enough
for me to ask you
anything personal.
Yes, I see.
But now, I think
I deserve some answers.
Right. What fun.
So, I'll ask you one more time.
How the heck did your buddies
just fly out that window?
They didn't even have fairy dust
or a damn reindeer!
All right.
Well, the truth is...
Tell me.
...Suzuno and Urushihara,
they...
Go on.
...were chosen to participate
in the trials
of a new energy drink.
-[RIKA] What?
-And this, you see,
was a rare side effect.
That's not what they mean
by "it gives you wings!"
Like, come on!
The building across from yours
has to be over ten meters away!
If they were able to make
that crazy jump
without a running start,
they better win Japan the gold!
[ASHIYA]
We can only hope.
Look, I know that you know!
You were way more disapproving
than surprised!
It so wasn't your first time
seeing something like that!
I find myself in a dilemma.
That even if I told the truth,
you wouldn't believe it.
I just saw
two people fly out the window,
so I'm pretty down
for believing.
Of course.
[rustles]
You see...
We are not from Japa--
-[gasps]
-Uh?
-Ashiya! Let me in!
-[ASHIYA] Ah!
We're freezing out here.
Come on!
-[groaning]
-[ASHIYA] Your Majesty!
Why are you entering
through the window?
[window sliding]
[ASHIYA] Who are these strangers
you're letting in our home?
[NORD grunts]
Cold, can't think.
I'll explain later.
Keep an eye on him for me.
Huh? Mister Maou?
Oh, Rika, what's up, girl?
Well, I'm in a bit of a hurry.
But we'll catch up.
Watch him. Hawk-level, man.
Under no circumstances
can we afford
to let Ponytail
out of our sight.
I'll do as you wish, Sire,
but I don't understand.
Come on, Maou! Let's go!
Yeah, you're right.
I'm sorry,
we'll talk later, okay?
Wait, my lord.
That girl, is she--
It's time to hit the sky!
Sorry! I'll be back soon--
[screams]
[rain falling]
Sir, may I bother you
for some dry clothing, please?
After you tell me who you are!
So, he...
can fly, too?
[rain falling]
-You don't even know this guy?
-Mm.
[ASHIYA]
Not at all.
You'll have to forgive
my manners, Miss Suzuki.
I'm about to be a touch rude.
Huh?
[speaking in foreign language]
Huh? Huh?
[ASHIYA speaking
in foreign language]
[speaking in foreign language]
[ASHIYA speaking
in foreign language]
[speaking in foreign language]
"Emilia"?
You must be--
I can't believe I found you.
And that I found Maou.
-Hm?
-[NORD] Your master,
the man known as Maou
I came here with,
is the "chosen one"
of which my wife spoke.
-The chosen one?
-Hello?
[NORD]
It's something my wife said.
Wait a sec!
[NORD]
"When the chosen one is ready
to expose
the truth of this world,
'bring the wings'
to our daughter."
When I first heard
Maou say my daughter's name,
I knew he was the one.
That seems like a bold assu--
-Shut up!
-[gasps]
I don't know what kind
of Pig Latin bullcrap that was,
but one of you guys
is gonna have to fill me in!
[NORD]
You are very scary, miss.
Watch it, Pops.
We don't call ladies scary
around here.
The appropriate term
is "empowered", got it?
[NORD]
"Pops"?
[ASHIYA]
I'll tell you everything,
I promise.
So please,
take a seat and try to relax.
Don't think those strong hands
can distract me so easily.
[ASHIYA]
Huh?
[RIKA]
What's the deal with this guy?
This man before you...
[RIKA]
Yes?
...claims
to be Miss Yusa's father.
Got it.
Huh?
So, what brings you to Japan?
Or should I say, to Earth,
Mister Libi-Liberachi?
Your pronunciation
deeply offends me.
-[CHIHO] Huh?
-Li-bi-co-cco! Say it.
Like, Libi-coconut?
-Try again!
-Uh, sure.
Just know this.
If you had butchered
Draghignazzo's
or Scarmiglione's name
as you have mine,
you would be sorely missing
your head right about now.
Oof. That first one's a toughie.
Dra-dragon, draggin
deez-what-now?
Again. Libicocco.
Libicockroach?
Libicocco!
Good! You're not so terrible
when you try.
Uh, thank you.
Okie-doke, one more shot.
Why are you here,
Mister Libicocco?
To rampage.
Say what?
[roars]
-[wind whooshing]
-[gasps]
[wind howling]
Please! Stop, Mister!
[roars]
[thunder rumbling and crackling]
This is bad!
-[thunder crackling]
-[fire blazing]
[thunder crackling]
[laughs]
[gasping]
[fire blazing]
No. But why?
[whooshing]
Am I losing brain cells,
or is this storm
getting even gnarlier?
It is!
Should I pick up the pace?
I was actually
about to suggest slowing down!
[yelping]
[wind howling]
[straining]
[CHIHO]
Please stop!
Or at least tell me
why you're doing this!
[LIBICOCCO]
Huh?
I was given direct orders
to go on the biggest rampage
I could muster
wherever the Gate dropped me.
Ah? But why, though?
[chuckles]
It's a foolproof plan.
You, the children inside,
everyone in this neighborhood.
All those pouty cry-mouth faces.
[gasps]
It's quite
the delectable mission
for a demon like me.
The tears of the weak.
Sorrow, and fear.
All my favorite flavors!
-Ah...
-[laughs]
[gasps]
[inhales sharply]
I can't breathe.
It's like there's too much magic
in the air.
-[CHIHO whimpers]
-Oh, how pathetic you are.
-Huh?
-Uh?
[scoffs]
If you have such a problem
with what I'm doing,
General Future Barista,
I kindly invite you
to put an end to my antics.
[SUZUNO]
Perfect. Then that I shall!
-[thuds]
-[LIBICOCCO, CHIHO gasp]
♪
As a general, I'm sure
your offer extends to me.
Though I might end more
than your antics.
You made it!
I'm sorry that I'm late.
Breaking through the storm wall
was not a simple task.
Quite a pain.
-[URUSHIHARA] Hey!
-Ah!
Don't let her think
you did it by yourself.
I'm coming to her rescue
as much as you are, dude.
Mister Urushihara, your wings!
Hm? Oh. Clean, right?
He drank some Holyvitan.
Gotcha.
That explains the makeover.
Looking back now,
should've shot that magic juice
into my veins.
Ya boy just wasn't ready.
I suggest
you ready yourself now!
[LIBICOCCO]
Lucifer, and...
You must be Deathscythe Bel.
Hm?
Then you know
I was named a general?
[LIBICOCCO]
Sorry.
I hadn't the slightest suspicion
that you all might make
an appearance.
But thank you
for saving me the trip.
[rain falling]
[NORD] Miss Rika.
I appreciate you.
For helping my Emilia.
Oh. No problem at all.
Hey, can you clear something up
for me?
Of course.
[RIKA]
Who's Emilia?
Guess that's something else
you never knew.
Emi Yusa's true name
is Emilia Justina.
[RIKA]
And she's not from Japan either?
Well, uh... [clears throat]
Uh...
She's not.
It sounds absurd,
but she wasn't even born
on Earth.
Emi's an alien?
[ASHIYA]
That's a rather simple way
to look at it,
but I think you get the point.
She's like an alien.
But she's human
through and through.
No doubt about that.
Just, one from a faraway world.
Do you think I'm stupid?
Of course not,
but you have to believe me.
Otherwise,
you'll never understand
what you've seen.
Because it's honestly
the truth of the matter.
[RIKA]
What are you talking about?
[ASHIYA]
That house over there.
It's a good ten meters away,
wouldn't you say?
Can you imagine
any ordinary person
just hopping over to the roof?
Ah!
Well, I mean, uh...
It is pretty far.
But you're kidding!
Though I can understand
your disbelief.
I'm quite serious.
-Then show me some proof!
-[slams]
You know,
none of what you're saying
makes any kind of sense.
Why would an alien be working
for peanuts at a call center?
I've asked myself
the same question.
But still, we all have to eat
and pay the rent.
And that requires keeping a job.
[speaking in foreign language]
What all do you know?
Did Maou explain who we are?
Not yet.
But I'm starting
to get the feeling
that none of you are human.
As for now...
[grunts]
I'll have to wait
to get a real introduction
and all that.
[gasps and grunts]
[rain falling]
♪
It looks like we're surrounded.
Where's that armor from?
Never seen it before.
The Eastern Continent.
The second-highest ranking
of Efzahan's knight squadrons,
the Inlaid Azure Scarves.
But why?
What have they come for?
I got some of that,
but I'm completely lost.
We need to protect her,
Miss Rika, don't we?
Correct.
Ah!
And you're a fighter?
Well, sometimes.
I could take on this large
of a squadron back at home,
but here...
I've had my fair share of fights
from time to time.
But I'm untrained.
Are they looking for me?
No, doubt it.
The only reason I'm here
is because I met Maou.
He's their target.
That's probably the case.
-[whimpers]
-[sighs]
[ASHIYA] If we assume
that whatever happened
at Miss Sasaki's school
was simply a diversion,
then it follows they've come
to collect the most likely one
to stay behind in a crisis.
Furthermore,
if one of us can't fight
at the moment...
that narrows it down to...
[grunts]
...me.
I'm the one that they're after.
-[rain falling]
-[train engine chugging]
[door sliding]
[AMANE]
Ugh. Stupid rain.
Should I take a cab?
It's not far,
so probably more trouble
than it's worth.
Not like I'm gonna melt
or anything.
-[wind whooshing]
-[gasps]
Mm? What in the--
[sniffing]
Yeah. Too funky for a cab.
Ugh. I'd literally kill
for a bath right about now.
Okay.
Now!
[yelping]